hey this is Jeff welcome to my video and
wanted to show you something that's a
bonus to the secret gold guide this has
helped me a ton it's helped lots of guys
and there's no reason it can't help you
too so when you go to this website it is
Wow magic secrets calm and there's this
secret gold guide here when you click on
that you buy that thing it's a great
guide and I just want to show you one of
the five killer bonuses that I got with
it when I got mine so one of them is
called cooking and fishing now there's a
whole bunch of those guides I'll just
show you what they are cooking and
fishing boa item class talents crafters
compendium duel boxers herbals handbook
and so on these are very very very good
guides very very helpful to me okay so
here's fishing and cooking I'm going to
move this around a little bit so you can
see the table of contents so one of the
things I really like about these guides
is that they're really well-organized
here's the fishing and clicking mastery
guide talks about lions fishing horde
fishing leveling fishing rare catches so
we can just take a quick look I'll just
show you a little bit about what's in
here
like for example rare catches shows you
the cool fishing gear that you can
collect and there's also resources on
where to get some of this stuff and
where to get trainers for fishing
fishing equipment just scroll down a
little bit and click on some other stuff
the achievements of a grand master
fisherman you have to reach skill 350
now this guy takes you from one all the
way to 450 and it's a step-by-step guide
on how to get you know to be a master
end it also has some tricks about when
you're doing fishing you want to be
leveling fishing and cooking at the same
time because you can't or more points in
it's a lot easier to do that there's
some great other stuff in here like some
nice maps that show you the deadliest
catch for example this is kind of funny
fish don't leave footprints Master coin
just going to scroll through this just
to show you a little bit then we get
down here to cooking so over here you
can see I all I did was click on cooking
shows you cooking trainers leveling
cooking and the levels one all the way
up through 450 and nice little pointers
like this it's much easier to level
cooking and fishing at the same time and
just one of the little tips there
there's some recipes hot links or to get
different things it's a very very
helpful guide so if you want to get that
guide here is we can go to get that
ww-well magic secrets com just go to Wow
magic secrets com review some guides
there there's free stuff there it's very
cool just go to Wow magic secrets com so
kick-ass and warcraft you can also sign
up for newsletter right so now we the
update suppose you can force ok you know
trust for this minute I don't solely
never put a move we're gonna go gators
they're out catching just as he on your
this beer this right we all get a hand
in